Hey, good morning, family.
Thank you for joining us today.
Well, it's Diana and I again, and I'm excited she's with me today.
My best friend is with me—my hottie.
After all these years, I'm still smitten over this girl.
She is my best friend, and I'm so thankful that she's with me.
Best friend, too.
We're here at our spot.
I come here because it inspires me.
I know I've said this before, folks, but I love the ORU campus.
Make no little plans here.
God is about to show up and show off at this campus.
There was a lady that sent us a flyer in the mail about all the revivals that are taking place across the nation on college campuses.
Whenever she sent that to me, I guess she was saying, 'Hey, look, it's happening other places.
' But I'm telling you, this will be the mega-revival at this school with Victory across the street there—big victory with Paul Daugherty.
I believe we're about to see one of the greatest revivals this world has ever seen.
People say, 'Hey, Brandon, what do you do for a living?
' and everything, and want to know what Diana and I do.
Do you all work?
Yes, we do eBay and Poshmark, and we continue to do that.
It's made a good living for us, and we're thankful for it.
We find stuff at thrift stores and we go into these thrift stores and we buy used stuff, and we turn it around for a profit.
We'll continue to do that.
We enjoy doing it.
We like working together and we'll continue to work there.
Who wants to work for the world if you can work for yourself and make better money than you do for the world?
I think it's pretty smart on our part.
God led us.
Diana is the one that came up with the idea through the Holy Spirit, and the Lord shows me where to go and Diana goes in and gets it.
That's the way we've done it, and that's how I've practiced His presence: listening to Him for ideas of how to get wealth.
I don't just sit there and wait idly by saying, 'God, where's my blessing?
' I go out and take the land, and we take it by force, don't we, babe?
We're not going to sit back and just wait for a mailbox miracle.
Lottery mentality—now if the Lord wants to bring it that way, fine.
Like I've told her, we believe in being debt-free and living that way.
If God doesn't provide it, we don't have it.
We believe that God is the one that abundantly supplies every need we have, and that's the way we've lived our life.
We go and find stuff and we can flip it on Craigslist or Facebook Marketplace.
There are creative ideas to do things.
When we come to ORU and we sit out here, it's because we know what's coming.
What the Lord has told us—we know that building is going to be filled to capacity, the Mabee Center over there.
Is that what it's called?
Yeah, the Mabee Center.
Yes, we believe that building is going to be filled to capacity with the fire.
The Holy Ghost fire is going to be over that building.
Now you say, 'Brandon, you spoke so poorly about Florida and about these other areas.
' Folks, I'm just being real with you.
I don't mean to be offensive to anybody and where you live, but I'm just real.
I tell you what I feel when I go into your area.
Now, can you change it?
Was I saying, 'Oh, we got to run from the demonic, you got to leave Miami?
' No.
God did not station me there, and He will equip who He's called there to deal with what's there.
I believe you if you say, 'Well, I don't feel it because I'm here.
' Well, God's called you to be there, but He didn't call me to be there.
So He didn't tell me to go in.
It's like going into somebody's backyard.
Me as a prophetic voice saying, 'I'm going to go into your backyard and take authority over what's going on'—He didn't give me authority there to do that.
He didn't assign me there.
I was there on vacation with my family to go to Billy Burke and to listen to him because I want impartation.
I'm wanting to learn how to flow in the healing anointing because, as I told Diana, there's not a lot of elders in the church that take the time to impart into the younger generation, so you have to learn it by trial and error.
A lot of what we've learned is through trial and error.
There are times, like I've told you all with Megan, whenever I had that visitation from the Lord, He took me back in the past.
I was complaining about the shots and the things that I had done through the flu vaccination, and three weeks later Megan was not able to talk.
I remember I was telling the Lord—He could hear my heart—I said, 'Man, if I could just go back to the past and change the decisions I've made.
If I could just have a moment to tell my younger self, "Don't get the flu shot, don't do these things for Megan.
"' Because I didn't know she was going to have an allergic reaction to it.
I didn't know all that stuff.
But I thought in my mind all the time, and when the Lord woke me up and He took me out of my body, He took me back to my past.
He showed me the power of a decision.
But He also showed me how that decision changed me for the better.
Then He told me, 'You're not big enough, Brandon, with your past decisions to mess up you and Diana's life.
' He said, 'The steps of the righteous are ordered by the Lord, and what the devil meant for bad, I will turn around for good in your favor.
I did not cause this with your daughter, Brandon.
The devil comes to kill, steal, and destroy, but I'm going to turn it around for good for you.
' All the pressure, all the stuff that you've gone through in the past will shape you into what you need to be for the future if you do not adopt a victim mentality.
Do not allow your circumstances from your past to dictate your future.
I will not allow the circumstance of what I have been through to dictate my tomorrow.
I'm not going to be a victim; I'm a victor.
We've said that over and over and over again.
Whenever I saw the power of a choice and a decision displayed in front of my face—how the pressure of raising a child with special needs and autism has changed me and changed Diana for the better—I realized God's on your side.
Whatever you have been through, always stay on God's side.
Even if you don't understand why you're going through it, always stay on God's side.
My favorite saying is, 'God is a good God and the devil is a bad devil.
' Oral Roberts—just like what we're here at his university—it's such a beautiful university where, you know, 'Make no little plans in life, believing God for big.
' I'm going to tell you, a lot of people get mad.
They say, 'Well, you got a nice car.
' Of course I believe God for big!
You believe God for favor.
We have favor at the dealership; we have favor wherever you go.
You sow a seed for it.
We keep selling on eBay and we grow our business.
I'm never going to embrace poverty, folks.
So if you don't want to see me get blessed, don't watch this channel, because this is just the beginning.
I believe it's time for exceedingly, abundantly above all that you dare ask or think.
I believe that the things that the Lord has spoken to me prophetically when I pray and intercede about the end-time wealth transfer—it's not for me to just stay where we were with eBay and Poshmark, and my wife sitting there typing all night and looking for things in the thrift stores.
I'm not going to do that forever.
Right now we do it, but there will be an expiration date to that.
The Lord's already told us there'll be a day when this stops, but right now it's what He wants us to do, and we're thankful for it.
Wherever God stations you, whatever God puts you to do, always do it with a joyful attitude and a good heart.
Don't complain your way through it, because the more you complain, even in your heart, you'll stay there until you get your heart right.
I've learned if you want promotion from the Lord, you've got to be faithful with the little and God will make you ruler over much.
Say, 'God, no matter where I'm at, no matter what I'm doing—cleaning toilets or cleaning stains out of a garment that I found at a thrift store—I'm thankful.
' I remember before when I was living on food stamps, and I'm thankful, Father, for this garment.
Yeah, it's a Burberry or whatever I found today that has a coffee stain on it, but Lord, give me an anointing to get that coffee stain out.
Give me an anointing to get that ketchup stain out.
He has taught me how to do things, and we've learned how to get stains out.
It's pretty cool.
But it's hearing His voice.
You say, 'Well, I don't hear the voice of the Lord.
' I don't believe you.
The Bible says we will hear the Good Shepherd's voice, and a stranger's voice we will not follow.
I believe the Bible more than I believe you.
You know why you don't hear Him?
Because you have too much of yourself in the way.
If you say you don't hear the voice of the Lord, it's because you've got too much self.
Every believer has the opportunity to hear the voice of the Lord.
A child can hear the voice of the Lord.
Die to self daily and listen to Him.
Be filled with and controlled by the Spirit.
There's no shortcuts, is there, babe?
We were talking to somebody the other day and Diana said, 'Brandon, they didn't hear anything you said.
' She said they wanted an easy way; they wanted a shortcut.
There's no shortcuts.
You can discern whether they're receiving or not.
Within 15 minutes, the Lord always shows me if they're receiving or if they're not.
Either you catch it or you don't, but there's no shortcuts.
There's only hard work, and anything worth doing is worth doing well.
This is the only body that you're ever going to have.
People want six-packs, but they don't want to go to the gym.
I'm speaking of me.
I'd love to look like Arnold Schwarzenegger, but it takes a lot of work to look like him.
It takes work to eat right and exercise.
Everybody has the same ability, the same 24 hours, the same seven days a week.
You can be a spiritual giant in the spirit realm if you just put forth the effort to get there.
God is no respecter of persons.
What He did for Oral Roberts, for Katherine Kuhlman, for Billy Joe Daugherty, for Paul Daugherty across the street—what He did for them, He'll do for you.
How big is your 'want-to' for change in your life?
Do you want it bad enough to do what they did to get it?
They sacrificed.
They believed in the spiritual laws that whatsoever a man sows, that will he also reap.
I come here because I'm inspired that this is somebody's faith in action.
Faith without works is dead, the Bible says.
This is faith manifested.
I see these buildings—started as a seed, started as a field.
He was believing God for just this land and the farmer wouldn't sell it to him, but look: the vision from here produced all these buildings.
It produced the church across the street.
Paul Daugherty and them just latched onto the vision of this man.
If you ever want to read about his testimony about all of ORU, it's in *The Ultimate Voice* by Oral Roberts.
Oh, phenomenal book.
Speaking about hearing God's voice, he talks about his testimony of ORU and how the miracle started.
It's really a great book to read—life-changing.
I was praying for ministers and the Lord spoke to me.
I was praying for my son and always praying for your kids' future and for a godly spouse.
Intercede for your children to find the right mate.
I was driving around recently and the Lord spoke to me.
He said, 'Brandon, many of My ministers have married a Delilah.
I warned them and warned them not to marry certain individuals, and they marry them either out of lust of the eye, lust of the flesh, or whatever, and they're snared by a Delilah, just like Samson was.
' I saw ministers trying to take off like a rocket because they had all this potential inside of them, but they had a rock—the Delilah—attached to the neck of the rocket.
In the vision, I saw the rocket trying to take off, but it was only allowed to go so far because they were attached to a major rock called a Delilah.
If you marry a Delilah—and the Bible says do not be unequally yoked with unbelievers—you have to link yourself up with somebody who is there to help you; iron sharpens iron.
This was my warning to you young people: do not marry a Delilah.
Do not marry an Ishmael; look for your Isaac.
The devil will try to bring an Ishmael to you to try to get your ministry to not make it.
You'll always be struggling, married to a Delilah.
Now, if you married your Delilah, I believe there's still hope and that God will turn around what the enemy meant for bad.
Some people just don't have it and they don't want it.
They like the fame, they like the celebrity, they like the finances, but they're not there for the right reasons.
So I warn you: don't marry a Delilah.
The Lord has spoken to me and He said, 'Many of My ministers, Brandon, were called to go even higher than what they are, but they married the wrong people.
' Now, you say, 'Should I divorce them?
' Heavens no.
I'm not trying to advocate that.
You pray for them.
You made a choice, you made a covenant, so now you have integrity and you intercede.
It just could have been an easier path.
I'm trying to tell you, if you're single and the Lord is warning you today: listen to the voice of the Lord.
Life has obstacles, and it matters who you link yourself up with.
You don't want to be dragging a Delilah behind you while God says, 'Get up to the summit.
' Be very vigilant about this because this is a tactic of the enemy.
The devil will send an Ishmael; the devil will send a Delilah.
You have to say, 'Who's in your life that's cutting your hair and trying to gouge out your eyes?
' stealing the vision of what God's called you to do.
Find your Esther today; don't line up with your Delilah.
I feel the power of the Lord on that today.
There's some of you out there that God's trying to shake.
It's time to believe God for big.
Don't lose faith.
You say, 'Well, I've messed up my life.
I've derailed my life so much that God can't use me.
' But the Lord told me to tell you: what the devil meant for bad and the traps you've been snared in—the very pit you've fallen into—God's going to deliver you out of them all if you just seek Him and repent.
The best is yet to come.
If you're single and you are believing God for a spouse, I would definitely recommend you to write a list—write your vision and make it plain.
That's what Diana and I both did when we didn't even know each other.
I made a very specific, detailed list of everything I was believing God for in a mate.
He did the same thing.
When we met, we got out our lists and read them to each other, and it was exactly—to a T—like I had written it about Brandon and he had written it about me.
I believe it works.
I believe that God will give you the desires of your heart.
You can pray for your future spouse right now, that the Lord keeps them protected and set apart, that they're not being snared by wickedness and the lust and desires of the flesh, that they remain on fire for God.
Any snares that the devil sends their way, they overcome them by the blood of the Lamb and by the word of their testimony.
You've got to continue to do it.
You don't just visit the anointing; you live there.
Diana and I choose to live there.
It's not convenient to drive so far over here to ORU—I live a long way from here—but I choose to do it to make this a habit.
My son said when we went to Florida, 'Man, I missed going to ORU, Dad, because there's a presence there.
' It blesses me because I believe in raising godly children and keeping them set apart for their spouse.
Megan's back there; she hears.
We're believing God for Megan.
I hope this video inspired you to believe God to 'make no little plans here.
' I love the little prayer tower over there.
Diana and I are going to pray for you.
I want you to believe God for bigger.
Donald Trump has his meeting on Friday.
Somebody called and said, 'Hey Brandon, did you know that there's a big crypto meeting on Friday?
' Folks, we're at the point of liftoff.
Something major is about to take place for the body of Christ.
God is about to bring forth all the seeds that you've sowed in the past.
You've got to take the seed that you have and plant it so that God has something to work with.
If you do nothing, you're going to get nothing.
Sew your time at your church!
Volunteer, clean bathrooms, and believe God for a job.
There's something you can do to sew your time at your local church.
I remember when we had no seed to give, we had one hundred dollars that we needed for our electric bill.
The Lord told Diana, 'Take that hundred dollars and go to the thrift store, and I'm going to teach you how to multiply that.
' Once we started tithing, the miracles started happening.
We always tithe first because you give to God first.
I'll be real: we were once forced to tithe at our jobs at a church, and if you did not tithe, they fired you.
My attitude was not happy about that at first, but it trained us.
I told the Lord, 'You either take care of us or I quit.
' And He told me, 'Brandon, I've called you to be here.
I need you to pray for that man.
' And He told me he was going to lose his church, and he did.
But I stuck by what the Lord told me to do for thirteen years.
We sacrificed making nothing, and then He started teaching me how to do things.
When Diana came up with the idea of doing eBay and Poshmark, that's when our life started to change drastically.
I could not see how used t-shirts at a thrift store could pay a bill, but come to find out, people wanted those shirts.
They like those band tees.
If the Lord tells you that shirt right there is a vintage t-shirt, sell it!
It might look stinky with holes in it, but somebody wanted it.
Whenever we started tithing, the miracles started happening.
There was that one time when the children didn't have shoes, but that day I looked down and there was a twenty-dollar bill laying on the ground in my direct path.
Praise God!
That's how my God works.
I walked in and they had a sale on the shoes, and that twenty dollars got the shoes the kids needed.
Never forget the miracles from the past.
We created a book of miracles just to smear it in the devil's face every day.
Have a 'stacking rocks' experience to go back to and say, 'This is where God came through.
' If He did it once, He will do it again.
The devil's not afraid of you having one miracle; what he's afraid of is you having multiple miracles—volumes of them.
I remember the time Tim came up and said, 'Brandon, I don't know why, but my wife, Janet, said the Lord told us to give you a thousand dollars.
' I almost passed out.
It was a shock and awe moment on December 22nd.
We were not going to go out and ask, because we're not in the ministry of 'dropping hints,' but He came through.
That's one of my stacking rocks moments.
We're just real; we have issues, folks, but we choose to focus on Jesus.
Our marriage gets stronger because of it.
We pray together, we fast together, we take communion together as a family.
We spend hours in the car and we pray.
Whoever gets this car next is going to have a glory car!
I just wanted to tell you today that you're not big enough to derail your life.
What the devil has done to try to derail your life, God's going to turn around for good.
If you're seeking Him daily, God's going to move big.
If you want to send us a photo of your unsaved loved ones, you can put it in the mail.
The address is in the description below.
It's at that P.
O.
Box.
Box, you can send it there, and we will pray over your photo as a point of contact for your unsaved loved one.
We're going to agree with you; we'll be your two, three, four, five, whatever there is.
We'll believe as a family with you for your unsaved loved ones, for your healing, and for your deliverance—whatever you may need.
It's nice to have a face with it, so send us a photo.
We'll pray for you.
I'll be able to see, and if the Lord has anything to show me, it's usually a lot easier when I see someone's face to see what's going on.
Then I can see things and know more about how to pray for you, both for Diana and me.
I just want to say if you want that, fine; if you don't, that's fine too.
I just thought I'd put that out there.
It came to me when I was driving around.
The Lord said, 'You know, if you give this, it would be something else to pray for the people.
' It's like the Bibles that came out of prayer.
I said if you do not have the means to buy a Bible and you just got born again, we'll buy you a Bible.
Now, other people heard other things, and they thought, 'Well, I have six Bibles.
' Some people will email saying, 'I got six Bibles and I'd like to have your Bible.
' It's not my personal Bible; I'm buying a Bible from Amazon with our money to help you because I feel compassionate towards you since you don't have one.
So if you need a Bible, don't have one, and don't have the means to buy one, Diana and I will buy you a Bible.
Yes, we love you and want to see you with a New King James Version—that's the one I'm trying to do.
They just upped the price a little bit on it, but I don't care.
I believe it's a good version of the Bible to read.
The King James is full of 'thees' and 'thous,' but I like the New King James.
So that's what we'll send you.
We love you, we pray for you, and we want you to have everything the Lord has for you, with nothing missing and nothing broken in your life.
Shalom, peace, and everything made whole in your life today.
Father, we thank You, Lord, for every single person watching this video today.
We lift them up before You, Father, and I thank You for that Shalom—nothing missing and nothing broken—that this is a time like never before when they will walk in abundance, prosperity, health, and healing.
Deliverance will flow over every area of their life.
They are delivered from sickness and disease; they are delivered from satanic oppression.
Father, we take authority over the demonic spirits that have held them bound.
He whom the Son has set free is free indeed.
We plead the blood of Jesus Christ over them from the top of their heads to the soles of their feet.
We say, 'Satan, you get under our feet where you belong.
' We have authority over you, and you will not touch, hinder, or harm us in any way.
The Bible says in Psalm 91 that He will give His angels charge over us to bear us up in their hands, lest we dash our foot against a stone.
So Father, I thank You, Lord, that Your word is true and every man a liar.
We believe, God, that You're the great provider, the great deliverer, and The Great I Am, and that everything is possible.
All things are possible to him who believes.
So we call healing, wholeness, and wellness over them.
Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever, and the same Jesus who healed the sick two thousand years ago is still healing the sick today.
We believe, Father, that You're the healer and the deliverer.
We call for the restoration of marriages and homes.
Father, bring back what the cankerworm ate in their lives.
Let their marriages be stronger than ever before.
Father, what the devil meant for bad, God, You're going to turn it around for good, and I call marriages restored in the name of Jesus.
We thank You, Lord, that there will be godly marriages and godly homes, and that You'll bring the spouses they are believing for.
I thank You, Lord, for saying it's not good for man or woman to be alone; You bring a godly spouse, an equally yoked partner, to the ones believing for a good partner.
Father, I thank You that they will have godly marriages that will last the span of eternity.
They'll not have divorce or be divided with strife and confusion.
For You said in Your word that where there is strife, there is confusion and every evil work, and we'll not have that in our homes.
We'll have a home of peace, joy, and faith.
We believe, Father, that Your word is true and that we'll raise up our children in the way they should go, and when they get older, they'll not depart from it.
We believe, Father, that this is a time like never before when we will be the head and not the tail, above and not beneath, and we'll go through and not go under.
We plead the blood of Jesus over us from the top of our heads to the soles of our feet.
We have that exceedingly abundantly above all that we dare ask or think.
Father, our homes are full of godly things.
You said if we, being evil, give good gifts to our children, how much more does our heavenly Father give good gifts to those who love Him?
I thank You, Father, that we are children of the King.
You love us, and we love You, Father.
You said that we would have everything we ever needed.
Father, I thank You for jobs and better jobs, raises and bonuses, benefits, sales and commissions, growth in businesses, estates and inheritances, rebates and returns, checks in the mail, gifts and surprises, finding money, bills paid off, and blessing increase on your households.
We believe, Father, that they have all they need.
I thank You for creative ideas to get wealth, just as You did for us, Father, for You are no respecter of persons.
What You'll do for one, You'll do for another.
For those who diligently seek You, Father, they will find You.
So Father, we thank You, Lord, for everything we have need of today, that You've already met it before we even ask.
We believe we receive it now in the name of Jesus.
We pray for our President, for the peace of Jerusalem, and for our leaders over this nation.
We thank You, Lord, that You cover President Trump from the top of his head to the soles of his feet, along with Melania, Vice President Vance, his wife, and his children, and Donald Trump and his children.
You put a hedge of protection around them, over our Congress, and over our Senate.
We get ready, even before the next year and a half, that we will have a greater majority in the Senate and the House, that we would rise up and be the nation God has called us to be.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that there will be a financial turnaround even as of this Friday.
Father, they'll have that meeting, and this shall be the beginning of the greatest wealth transfer this world has ever known.
Father, we thank You, Lord, for Your supernatural abundance and Your provision for us in the name of Jesus.
Everybody say, 'Amen and amen.
' Well, we just want to say thank you for joining us today.
If you could, like this video and subscribe if you haven't.
Click the notification bell.
You say, 'Why do you want us to do that?
' Because it helps us with the algorithm.
We appreciate your support and all that you do for this family by doing those things.
That's the only thing we'll ever ask you to do.
Anybody else asking you for anything is a scam artist; do not listen to them.
Do not give them anything—crypto, whatever—we'll never ask for that stuff.
We never message people.
We'll never message you, but we will ask you to do this: click the notification bell, the like button, and the subscribe button, and comment something nice down below.
That helps us, and that's what we ask for.
Thank you from the bottom of our hearts for helping get the gospel out.
It truly does help.
When our videos get those likes, subscribes, and notifications, we get lots more views.
It's YouTube's system; it is what it is.
So we just want to say thank you all, and God bless you all.
We close our videos by saying this: put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much, and we love you.
God bless you all, and remember: make no little plans where you are.
Not just here, but where you are, believe God for big, for God is a big God.
We love you all, and we'll see you again next time.
Bye-bye.